README.md, before:

# Reinforcement Learning Experiments
This repo is just me playing around with reinforcement learning, running simulations. Most are based on "Reinforcement Learning - An Introduction" by Sutton and Barto.

It currently has a Monte Carlo black jack simulation from chapter 5, and an N Bandits simulation using different agent algorithms from chapter 2.

To set up the environment, run:
```bash
conda env create
source activate reinf
```

# Tetris - Deep Reinforcement Learning
Use a deep reinforcement learning algorithm to learn a tetris playing agent.

Takes advantage of a Kears/Theano/Cuda stack to learn a neural net Q-function.

(In Progress)

```bash
python src/tetris/simulation.py
```

To run the debugging web app, install socat and websocketd, then run:
```bash
websocketd --port=8080 ./socket_server.sh
```

# Monte Carlo Blackjack (Chapter 5)
Uses e-greedy methods to find an optimal action value function and policy.

```bash
python src/monte_carlo_blackjack.py
```

The following was an attempt to recreate fig 5.5 in Sutton and Barto, using a Monte Carlo, "on-policy", e-greedy model. There seem to be a few minor differences I haven't worked out yet.

![Acton Value function for optimal policy](images/state_value_function.png)

# N-Bandits (Chapter 2)
Simulate the static n-bandits problem with e-greedy, e-greedy softmax, pursuit, and reinforcement comparison agents. All settings are in the settings/*.yml files, and should be self-evident

```bash
python src/runner.py simulations/<your_simulation>.yml
```
![Different settings](images/n_bandits_solutions.png)

Commit message:

Add ability to load and watch the agent in a separate process, for debugging

README.md, after:

# Reinforcement Learning Experiments
This repo is just me playing around with reinforcement learning, running simulations. Most are based on "Reinforcement Learning - An Introduction" by Sutton and Barto.

It currently has a Monte Carlo black jack simulation from chapter 5, and an N Bandits simulation using different agent algorithms from chapter 2.

To set up the environment, run:
```bash
conda env create
source activate reinf
```

# Tetris - Deep Reinforcement Learning
Use a deep reinforcement learning algorithm to learn a tetris playing agent.

Takes advantage of a Kears/Theano/Cuda stack to learn a neural net Q-function.

(In Progress)

```bash
python src/tetris/simulation.py
```

To run the debugging web app, install socat and websocketd, then run:
```bash
websocketd --port=8080 ./socket_server.sh
```

To use SSH tunnel to watch the learning process on a different server:
```bash
ssh -L 8082:localhost:8080 <user@server;> -p 24
```

# Monte Carlo Blackjack (Chapter 5)
Uses e-greedy methods to find an optimal action value function and policy.

```bash
python src/monte_carlo_blackjack.py
```

The following was an attempt to recreate fig 5.5 in Sutton and Barto, using a Monte Carlo, "on-policy", e-greedy model. There seem to be a few minor differences I haven't worked out yet.

![Acton Value function for optimal policy](images/state_value_function.png)

# N-Bandits (Chapter 2)
Simulate the static n-bandits problem with e-greedy, e-greedy softmax, pursuit, and reinforcement comparison agents. All settings are in the settings/*.yml files, and should be self-evident

```bash
python src/runner.py simulations/<your_simulation>.yml
```
![Different settings](images/n_bandits_solutions.png)
